Annotated Bibliography
======================


In the RSA Conference [#f1]_ Senior Instructor and Director of Digital
Intelligence Heather Mahalik, Instructor Ed Skoudis, and
Dean of Research Johannes Ullrich discuss the new five most dangerous attack
hacking techniques and how to counter each one of them. The attacks being
Command and Control, Living off the Land, Deep Persistence, Phone Jailbreaks if
your phone falls into the wrong hands, and Enterprise Perimeter Vulnerabilities.
Each attack is summarized on what they are and how each should be defended.

Each of the panelists are very knowledgeable when it comes to hacking techniques
and have been repeatedly in this conference. They are aware of many
vulnerabilities that technology has and how hackers make use of these
vulnerabilities. The information in the conference is well-researched and
descriptive.

.. [#f1] RSA Conference. (2020). The 5 Most Dangerous New Attack Techniques and
   How to CounterThem. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz7IFVJf3Lk


In this article from Directory of Open Access Journals [#f2]_, Benjamin Cannols
and Ahmad Ghafarian, both from aimed to detail research and development of a USB
Rubber Ducky to obtain login ID and password credentials from a windows machine.
The materials they used was Ducky scripting, powershell, Mimikatz, and Windows 7
and up. They briefly explain what the materials were and how they are used. They
also wanted to show how fast and easy it is for a hacker to do something similar
to this.

Benjamin and Ahamd are experienced and knowledgeable in developing their own
scripts for the USB Rubber Ducky device. They also know the common Windows 7 and
up vulnerabilities. They address and reflect on issues they faced attacking the
Windows 10 systems or issues they faced with the USB Rubber Ducky.

.. [#f2] Cannoles, B., & Ghafarian, A. (2017, April 1). Directory of Open
   Access Journals. Journal of Systemics,Cybernetics and Informatics.
   https://doaj.org/article/742dfd779add4cb6bc6e27fdffba432c.

In this article published on Cybrary [#f3]_, D'Angleo Gonzalez explains what a
USB Rubber Ducky is, how they work, act as a keyboard, and how they are used. He
explains how the computer sees this as a normal USB and how this is a
vulnerability. He explains how there are a so many scripts that someone can
download off the internet and use.

Gonzalez has used and ran these USB Rubber Ducky devices multiple times doing
penetration testing in certain situations. He addresses some issues that someone
will faces when trying to use this device. He also addresses limits that these
devices have.

.. [#f3] Gonzalez, D. (2017, May 10). Intro to the USB Rubber Ducky. Cybrary.
   https://www.cybrary.it/blog/0p3n/intro-usb-rubber-ducky/.

In this article from WonderHowTo [#f4]_, Kody explains what a USB Rubber Ducky
is and how it acts as a keyboard. He explains how you don't need a USB
Rubber Ducky to run keystroke injections payloads and address that you can turn
a Digispark into a make shift USB Rubber Ducky for only a few dollars. He
addresses that some features you will not be able to do due to the limitations
of the Digispark. He explains step by step on how to create your own USB Rubber
Ducky using a Digispark and Ardunio.

Kody has experience and knowledge in hacking devices, hacking techniques, and
ethical hacking. He address the differences of a Digispark and a USB Rubber
Ducky. He addresses some issues that someone might face when trying to use a
Digispark over a USB Rubber Ducky. Kody creates a well researched step by step
article on how to create one of these devices that is very inexpensive but
similar to the USB Rubber Ducky.

.. [#f4] Kody. (2019, December 13). How to Run USB Rubber Ducky Scripts on a
   Super Inexpensive Digispark Board. WonderHowTo.
   https://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/run-usb-rubber-ducky-scripts-super-inexpensive-digispark-board-0198484/.


In the book, Networking Security [#f5]_, author Dr. Eric Cole goes into great
depth about network security, vulnerabilities, attacks, scanners, malicious
code, password cracking and so much more. He does not state that these attacks
can be used for a USB Rubber Ducky, but the scripts that are used are usually
.exe files which he explains and calls as File Infectors. He addresses many
different attacks that hackers use to this day. Many of these attacks can be
used using a USB Rubber Ducky or something similar.

Dr. Eric Cole is a industry-recognized security expert and scientist. He is
extremely knowledgeable in the field of cyber security and network security. He
is aware of many hacking techniques, vulnerabilities, scanners, and much more.
He addresses almost every aspect of network security in his book, mading it
well researched and descriptive.

.. [#f5] Cole, E. (2009). Network Security. (R. L. Krutz, Ed.) (2nd ed.).
   Wiley Publishing Inc.